Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku
sora wo hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
This is it. Momoko Hoshino's
first photo collection!
What's this?!
It should be illegal for a 16-year-old
to have such a sexy body!
But I don't think
you should be enjoying this with us.
What's going on
with Fuyutsuki-sensei?
There was some chemistry between you two
the other day, wasn't there?
No, no. An adult relationship
is not that simple.
I'd rather get the kind of girl
who is exuding pheromones...
What's a pheromone?
Where is the faculty room?
Gross!
The faculty room?
That way.
Thank you.
Are you a teacher at this school?
I'm the homeroom teacher for 3-4.
Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old.
A bachelor.
I'm Nao Kadena.
I'm working in the infirmary
here as of today.
Call me Nao-chan.
Nao-chan?
My measurements are...
...secret!
Nice to meet you,
Onizuka-sensei.
Is that really a teacher?
I'm so happy to be a teacher
in this school.
As of today, Kadena-sensei
is working in the infirmary.
Please Kadena.
I'm Nao Kadena.
Nice to meet you all.
Where is Oni...something-sensei?
Onizuka-sensei must be spending
his time somewhere.
He's always like that.
Right, Fuyutsuki-sensei?
Well, yes.
As Vice Principal,
I'll give you some advice.
It's better for you
to stay away from him.
He's evil and a germ
in our school.
By the way, Kadena-sensei...
...as a person working
in an educational environment...
...isn't your outfit
a little bit too flashy?
Really? I chose plain clothes
from my closet.
But you...
Don't you like these clothes?
Well, no, I don't mean
that I don't like them...
I'm so glad!
Please give me
useful advice from now on.
In front of other teachers...
They may misunderstand us...
FACULTY ROOM
Hey, Nao-chan is really
a nurse in the infirmary.
She's so sexy.
Good competition for Murai's mom.
Idiot! There is no comparison!
The Vice Principal was
very taken with her.
The rumor that he likes women
may be true.
What?
What are you doing,
Onizuka-sensei?
Your classroom is
on the other side.
Well, ah...
I have a fever of 120 degrees.
I have constipation and diarrhea.
And I'm dizzy, too.
I have morning sickness
and no appetite.
You don't look sick.
Your complexion is good.
Really?
Ohhh, I'm dying.
I've gotta go to the infirmary.
Onizuka-sensei.
That's pretty bad.
SCHOOL INFIRMARY
No doubt about it.
She likes me!
I put on new underwear.
I washed my hair.
Now I can play an adult
version of Doctor with Nao-chan.
Nao-chan!
What are you guys doing here?!
We have stomachaches.
That's right!
Liar!
You, too, are planning
to get friendly with Nao-chan...
... by faking an illness.
I can see your plan!
You said, "You, too..."
Well, no...
Welcome, Onizuka-sensei.
They told me...
...that you were in a famous
motorcycle gang in Shonan.
Not really...
I was just young.
It's quite a challenge...
...to put together those violent
motorcycle gangs in Shonan.
You know about them?
Not really. Rather than discuss that,
why don't you have a cup of coffee?
I have cake, too.
Everyone is welcome
in my infirmary.
Let's all get along.
Everyone. Please come
to the infirmary anytime.
It's the oasis of this school.
I'll be waiting for you.
What's that? Looks stupid.
She's using her sex appeal
to be popular with the boys.
She's just an old lady
with heavy make-up.
I guess I need to greet her.
Watch me.
Excuse me!
Are you okay?
Yes. I'm sorry.
Wait a minute!
What type of cosmetics
are you using?
You have nice skin.
This kind isn't good for you.
Taking care of your skin
is en vogue now.
There's a good skin care
product on sale now.
I can talk to you anytime.
Why don't you stop by the infirmary?
See you.
School is fun, isn't it?
Banzai to teachers!
Let's go to the next one!
You're already wasted.
But everyone is suffering
in this poor economy.
You are the only one
without worries.
I guess something good
happened at school.
For example...
...an attractive nurse began
working in the school's infirmary.
Is that true?
I see. You're jealous.
It's a pleasant problem!
No. I don't care about you.
My concern is the students who stay
in the infirmary during class.
That's what you say. But the truth is
you're thinking of me...
Suit yourself.
I'd better go home now...
Listen, Eikichi. I understand
that you like women.
But if you keep looking
around like that...
...Fuyutsuki-chan may
eventually hate you.
Stop! Don't throw up on me!
Kadena-sensei...
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Are you all right, Onizuka?
Kadena-sensei.
The other girls in the class
want that product you gave me.
The diet cream, too.
Everyone is asking about it.
Do you still have some?
Of course.
But cash only, please.
And don't tell the other teachers.
Nao-chan.
Boxes of health food and diet tea
have just arrived.
See you later, Teacher.
The Black Stars are in Class 1.
They've changed a lot.
Thank you.
Could you leave them there?
Yes.
When you bring all of them,
as your prize, I can give you...
...this "Super Dynamite Protein"
muscle builder...
...and a "Gold Cat" for happiness
with a 30% discount.
We don't have any more money.
We just got "Magic Turtle Charms"
for getting girlfriends.
Then how about half price?
Okay with me!
Me, too.
What are those?
Oh, well...
Never mind.
It's nothing.
A business in the infirmary?
Yes. And when I checked them,
they were questionable goods.
Not only do the boys do
whatever Kadena-sensei says...
... but the girls, too.
Questionable goods...?
I wonder if I should report this
to the principal.
But Kadena-sensei may need
the money for something...
Please listen to me seriously!
I'm here to ask for your advice.
Aren't they all...?
You, too, Onizuka-sensei?
Oh, well, Fuyutsuki-chan...
...when I played Pachinko
with this Happy Cat pendant...
...I was on top of my game.
I won ten in a row. Ten in a row!
So it may be working...
Would you like to have one?
I can give you a good discount.
No, thank you!
Wait, Fuyutsuki-chan!
Ouch!
THE BLACK STARS
Is that so bad, Fuyutsuki-sensei?
But you're doing it in school!
The students are happy.
They say they can get
what they want at low prices.
Has anyone complained about it?
Not really...
If you want to tell the principal,
please go ahead.
But I don't think you'd
tattle on your coworkers.
Do you need money that bad?
Bad enough to do business
with the students at the school?
Bad enough to work
at a nightclub?
You knew?
I happened to see you
the other day.
That job doesn't bring in
as much money as it seems.
When we can't collect money
from customers, we have to pay...
...out of our pockets. The worst case
is when you lose money.
What...?
But when I get close to CEO's...
... I can gain insider information
and make a prof it from the stock.
Stocks, too...?
I'm not just earning a little money
by doing business with students.
Although some kids are
richer than some adults these days.
You aren't teaching
as a volunteer, are you?
Teaching is a sort of business, too.
I just need more money than others.
That's the only difference.
Whatever your reasons, don't use
the students for your own prof it.
It's not fair to the students.
There's always teachers like you
in the schools where I've worked.
They only worried
about outside appearances...
...and just talked about theories.
How dare you...!
Do you want to bet?
Bet?
What's the bet?
Kadena-sensei says she will put
Murai and the others in the top 50...
...when they take
the next trial exam.
But Nao-chan is a nurse
in the infirmary.
I don't think she studied to teach.
Of course, I didn't, either.
I think she looks down
on teaching jobs.
If it was so easy to pad the grades,
there wouldn't be a problem.
So how much was the bet?
100,000 yen.
100,000?!
Of course, I declined.
Why?!
Isn't it clear?
I can't bet on something like that.
What a waste!
You can make 100,000 yen
without doing anything.
Murai and the others
could never get in the top 50...
...even with a miracle.
As their homeroom teacher,
I guarantee that.
Here's an idea.
I can bet for you.
Top 50?!
It's impossible, Nao-chan.
Among us, the best one is...
... Fujiyoshi's rank in the 200's.
Sorry, but...
If you get to the top 50,
I can go out with you.
Don't you want to be
with an adult woman?
Study by yourself. Yo Ro Shi Ku
You're noisy! Be quiet!
I can't study!
I can't remember...
What?
Your nurse in the infirmary
who works at the nightclub.
Nao-chan?
Is she working at a nightclub?
You were drunk.
Fuyutsuki-chan told me,
and I was amazed.
But I think I saw her somewhere.
She gets attention just walking
in downtown Kichijoji.
She is so dazzling.
It's not in Kichijoji.
It was...
Mister, I need a second helping.
Give me a lot!
ENGLISH EXAM
Onizuka-sensei. The results
of the trial exam came in!
Is that so?
Murai and the others did a great job!
What? Are you saying
that the Three Stooges did it?
Please!
In the top 50!
I'd be happy with 49th!
KUNIO MURAI
TADAAKI KUSANO
KOJI FUJIYOSHI
What a relief!
Don't give me a heart attack,
Fuyutsuki-sensei.
I thought they made it in the top 50.
Pity!
Shit.
It's not a pity at all.
It's good! I made 100,000!
But Murai and the others got scores
they've never reached before.
Don't you think it's amazing?
Amazing!
It's a miracle!
How did Kadena-sensei teach you?
Well...
They cheated, of course.
No. We really studied hard.
Yeah. We asked Kikuchi
how to prepare for the exam.
You seriously studied?
Don't joke with me!
Tell me the truth.
It's true! Nao-chan said
if we got to the top 50...
...she would teach us what it's like
to be with an adult woman.
That's why...
What?!
How can you get
such a good treat?
Oh, no. Now I see
why you studied so hard.
I can't stand her anymore.
Fuyutsuki-chan!
FAT BURNING PILLS
Is what Murai said true?
Yes.
If I was in on that bet,
I would have lost.
Even though they didn't end up
in the top 50...
...you did a great job
getting Murai and the others...
...to get such high scores.
But your method to tempt
the students was wrong!
Why?
Because...
That's a little magic.
It was effective, wasn't it?
Magic?
All men, students
or old bald guys, are the same.
They're attracted
to something sexy.
Don't compare the students
to nightclub customers!
This is a school!
Don't get so upset,
Fuyutsuki-sensei.
I can't help teasing you,
a naive teacher...
...who doesn't know the real world.
Is that all? See you.
Wait a minute!
Nao-chan...
Sorry. I had a bet with you.
Here's 100,000 yen.
Are you serious?!
Oh, not that...
If these guys had made the top 50...
...would you have really
gone out with them?
How disappointing...
You are going to preach to me
like a holy teacher?
I thought you would understand.
After all,
you are the same as the others.
Nothing like that.
I just want to know if you really
promised them that. I'm jealous!
Don't kid me.
I told you it was magic.
Get serious. Magic?!
You just tricked them.
I don't allow anyone
to trick my students.
So what do you want me to do?
I'll return this money.
Let's redo the bet.
Hey, Murai!
You study hard
and get in the top 50 this time
if you want an adult
relationship with Nao-chan.
What?!
Onizuka-sensei!
This time, no tricks.
Sorry, everyone.
But I was planning to go out
on a date with you. Really.
I was wrong.
You are different
from other teachers.
As expected...
...you're a former Onibaku
who controlled Shonan.
Ohhhhhh!
100,000 yen...!
Oh, crap...
Oh, Ryuji?
What did you remember?
It's Nao-chan.
What?
When we were in the middle
of a turf war in Shonan...
...I visited my friend in Yokohama.
He was a street racer.
There, I saw "Queen of Hakosuka."
All the street racers respected her.
She was like a queen.
In a crazy race called...
..."Last Signal" which ignored
traffic signals, she never lost...
...and she was a legendary racer.
"Queen of Hakosuka."
That was the nurse
in the infirmary...
...Nao Kadena.
I heard this later...
...she lost the race to an unknown
racer and had an accident.
And she left the group.
But people couldn't believe
her loss, and it's still a mystery.
Queen of Hakosuka...
Subete no hito wo aiseru wake ja
nainara semete aisuru hito wo
Uragi razu ni utagawazu ni
semetari nikundari shinai de
Mujaki de irukoto ga
hito wo kizutsukete shimau no?
Shizuka na jounetsu ga
hitomi no oku de sawagi dasu...
Anata ni meguri aete
Hateshinai toki no naka de
jibun ni nani ga dekiru
Ima wa mada chiisaku temo
kagayaki keseya shinai yo
Kobore souna namida no tsubu
nagasazu mune ni tamete
Isshun wo tsuyoku iki yo
ichizu na shizuku ni natte
NEXT EPISODE
Do you really want to quit?
What can I do?
NEXT EPISODE
After all, you're all bystanders.
No one understands how I feel.
I don't want to understand
how you feel.
What are you thinking?!
Rather than thinking about the past,
isn't it better off if you die?
Well, let's start "Last Signal."
SEE YA NEXT TIME